Add support for Geistmaschine Geist (#20117)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/geistmaschine/geist/readme.md

# Geistmaschine Geist

> ![Geist](https://i.imgur.com/qpb6Rh9.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Geist](https://i.imgur.com/qpb6Rh9h.png)
```

Geist is a high-end 65% keyboard, featuring a rotary encoder with a large knob.
* Keyboard Maintainer: [ebastler](https://github.com/ebastler)
* Hardware Supported: Geist Multi-Layout and Hot-Swap Rev1 (to access all multi-layout PCB options, use `default` keymap. Hotswap can work with either `default` or `ansi`)
* Hardware Availability: [geistmaschine.io](https://geistmaschine.io/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile geistmaschine/geist -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     qmk flash geistmaschine/geist -km default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make geistmaschine/geist:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make geistmaschine/geist:default:flash
```

Author: I have already merged multiple boards using the "new" compile/flash syntax in readme, and even specifically asked about which of the two to use a while ago, was told both are acceptable. Do I have to apply this? I'd rather keep it in line with my other recently merged boards.

Reviewer 2: No, that's fine.
